1. How are the controls?

They're fine, though having the pause button as 'p' feels a bit awkward.

2. How's the view?

It's fine. It allows me to get a good view of the front.

3. How's the Menu?

It seems like all the essentials are there.
There's a main menu, pause, game over and level cleared menu as there should be.
They all work properly.

4. How's the overall sense of speed?

It's pretty nice overall. Doesn't start too slow and the speeding up feels great.
However, it feels like it gets too quick too fast, but that may just be because of how short the levels are.

5. How's the jumping?

Very satisfying. Even the jump in the end has a nice feeling and doesn't feel too long.

6. How's the strafing? Does it feel as it should in a skiing/slope game?

The speed of the strafing is good.
It evokes the feeling enough to make it feel like that type of game.

7. Do you like the idea of building up and maintaining a good amount of speed as the goal?

It works well, and the final jump is always fun.

8. Are the levels frustrating or unfair?

Not really, since they're short and not difficult.
However, what's supposed to be the litter that slows you down wasn't too clear at first glance, even
if we're being warned of litter in the "how to play."
Maybe have a preview when a level is adding a new factor?
That or make it more obvious.

9. Is having the speed value uptop helpful?

Yes, it's good to be able to keep track.
It makes things less stressful and helps us with gauging how much speed we need for the finish ramp.

10. How are the levels overall?

Would be better if they were longer, that way they can also be more complex.
Maybe make more use of ramps?
A bit hard to see since there's so much white and the pellets are pretty big.
Make the pellets smaller or change their material to make it easier to see.
Big white pellets, the white capsule, bright blue platform and white platform underneath that
makes it a bit hard to see. This is especially since we're going so fast.

11. Comments? Suggestions?

Longer levels.
Maybe more ramps and other gimmicks/mechanics?
Make things a bit easier to see.
Maybe make the slow-down items more obvious?
Sounds and music would be nice.